For this first phase of the project, I felt like I understood things much more than I had previously! Though I admit I was quite cranky from the last assignment (apologies for the grumpy reflection), I think that it was a very important homework to have for building the foundational knowledge for future assignments. 
For this phase, I worked with Kaia Cormier and also consulted Ramsha Rauf as well as the TA during TA hours. To be quite honest, it only took be about an hour. I worked well with my peers and found that the only difficulty I had was figuring out why when I sent my html file over, the sever opened it in this weird html format. However, the problem was fixed once I switched browswers and used Safari instead of Chrome, so maybe it's just a chrome issue. 
Other than that, I feel like this portion of the assignment was pretty manageable and it felt cool that is had tangeible results that we could play around with!

Update***
Phases 2 and 3 were much harder than I thought they would be. Usually I feel like I understand things much better after studying all the material for the midterm exam, but I felt like maybe the project was too coding heavy and didn't emphasize the theory that we focus on more in class. Either way, I think that project was still interesting, and I really enjoyed the opportunity to work with my classmates on it! We really helped fill in eachother's gaps. Overall, liked the project even though it didn't feel super applicable. I suppose it's still good that I am practicing python again!!
